hey everyone I'm Paige and I'm a student
at the University of Cape oh wait let me
try that one again
I'm Paige and I'm a summer intern she's
taking on the city that's right I've
made the temperate transition from
student to professional working women
and I'm going to take you on a corporate
day in my life it's quite standard for
me to be pressed for time in the
mornings and so let's get going I picked
up my keys on my way out of my auntie's
flats where I've been staying for the
duration of my internship on this
occasion I was heading into the company
office in Reigate although my internship
has been split across the London and
Reigate offices get that morning
exercise look at me go who says I don't
need a healthy lifestyle
[Music]
I Drive to work in my little VW up the
journey takes 20 minutes or so taking
account of morning traffic
I dump my bags on the passenger seat and
head over to the driver's wheel
[Music]
seat belt on
safety first keys in the ignition and
then I put the radio on as all good
drivers should I check over my shoulder
before pulling away and then I'm on and
this phenomenon here you see is the page
wide concentration face before starting
my internship I was actually a very
nervous driver but now I'm so much more
confident I'm actually very proud of
myself the office carpark has a
five-year waiting list and since I'm
only hanging around for eight weeks I
opt to park in a nearby car park instead
I usually don't have time for breakfast
before leaving so I have a quick bell
beater in the car the office has
addressed for your day policy so a lot
of people wear casual clothes when
they're not seeing clients this meant I
can wear my white converse in quite
happening
I grabbed my office access pass that
always handy
whilst I walk into the office let me
give you some more details on the job
Willis Towers Watson is a leading
advisory broking and solutions company
which helps organisations manage their
risks I have been interning in their
insurance consulting and Technology
department and learning about the worker
rapture is in general insurance an
actuary is a business professional who
deals with the measurement and
management of risk and uncertainty
within general insurance actress provide
services on pricing of insurance
products reserving that is how much
money should be put aside to pay out
claims and also capital modeling the
office has a hot desking system so no
one has fixed tests although I did have
a favorite spot each desk has two
monitors and an adjustable chair I get
into the office by 9 o'clock and the
first thing I do is set up for the day I
plug my laptop into the monitors so then
I have three screens in total and here
are my office essentials a Skype headset
a stapler notebook and a pencil
unfortunately it was one of those days
when my laptop just wasn't cooperating
if in doubt turn it off and on again
eventually the computer started up and I
logged on to my office I always like to
check my emails at this point in case
there are any updates from my project
supervisors or any other important
things to be aware of for example if
someone's brought cake into the office
that day I want to know about it then I
decided to sort through and staple
together my papers I'd accumulated quite
a stack over the course of the
internship and I've been meaning to do
this for quite some time as an intern
I've been keen to learn as much as
possible and have been jotting down lots
of things in my notebook such as key
concepts from training sessions
instructions from project supervisors or
reference notes for myself at this point
another intern messaged me on skype
messenger which is the instant messaging
service used by the company and know the
purpose of this was not for a catch-up
and fun chat we were both working on a
project involving 14 client inputs for a
piece of capital modeling software into
a new data template in this case I was
looking for another opinion on whether I
had courted a piece of data correctly
the conclusion boards we both weren't
sure so I sent an email to the project
leader
here I'm reviewing Mike's dualist from
the previous day a lot of tasks carried
forward from the day before so there was
no need to make a new ticket list about
20 minutes into the day my morning admin
castes were done on the final day of the
internship all the interns were required
to give a presentation to other members
of the team on work they've been doing
over the past eight years
therefore I spent a couple of hours
working on my PowerPoint slides and
preparing my flashcards with notes of
what I was going to talk about I mean I
couldn't go the whole internship without
cracking out the flashcards you can't
get the student out of me just yet I had
just received an email from my project
supervisor with detailed answers to some
questions I had asked him so I was
updating my presentation with the new
information I had another thing to note
is that this task is not representative
of what I was doing for most of the
internship and was more of a one-off
just because the end of the internship
was fast approaching
[Music]
once I had finished my presentation
preparation I moved on some project work
involving PPOs PPOs our periodical
payment orders a method for claims
settlement witnessed how is Watson
conducts an annual industry survey and I
spent much of my time on this internship
processing the quantitative PPO survey
responses to produce graphs and charts
ready for interpretation at around
quarter past twelve it was time for
lunch I ate lunch every day with other
members of the team and while this video
might make it seem like I was the only
person in the office I was in fact
surrounded by lots of people
no willest house watson employees are
featured in this video for privacy
reasons but rest assured they were all
very friendly and welcoming on most days
I brought lunch in the office canteen
the Reigate kitchen there is both hot
and cold food available but today I
opted with a gourmet burger bar having a
hot meal at lunch time saved me from
cooking in the evening plus the food was
very tasty
what
- like I carried my food down from the
canteen so I could eat in the kitchen
with my immediate team imagine this
kitchen filled with actuaries chatting
and eating food and that's a more
accurate depiction of the lunchtime
scene after lunch I returns to my PPO
project work I was making updates to a
model which produced various graphs and
tables from PPO input data fed into it
these updates included changing years in
formula updating figures is testable
tables and also creating new variables
to streamline the model the output
graphs and charts are also plotted in an
excel file so as I went through I was
comparing the charts from this model
with those in the excel file to check
for consistency it was actually quite
satisfying to tidy the model up and I
made notes of anything I wasn't sure
roof to raise was my project supervisor
this was the final steps of work I was
doing for this project but let me run
you through what I've done in the lead
up to this I populated master files with
survey responses from many different
clients I reconciled these survey
responses with data from previous years
I drafted emails to query any material
movements in data between years with the
respective insurer and I spent time
cleaning the data so that it was all in
a consistent format and ready to input
into the models with no errors occurring
the final step was the actual running of
the models and making any updates that
were necessary and what have I gained
from this internship
well I now have a knowledge of different
claims settlement methods and know the
circumstances where PPS might be awarded
and what they entail
I've got improved Excel skills I've
learned how to proficiently handle large
quantities of data and I've got lots of
practice of effectively communicating in
a corporate environment in the last hour
or so I moved on to some more
development tasks as a training
assignment all the interns have been
asked to design a spreadsheet to
calculate the solvency capital
requirement for a unit linked fund which
was then submitted for assessment this
solvency capital requirement is dictated
by the solvency to regulation in the
final week we were sent out a work
solution which I'm comparing my
spreadsheet to here to understand where
I could have agreed then I spent some
time filling out a self-assessment
document which I've been using to track
my progress we are encouraged to meet
several objectives over the course of
the internship and this would be
discussed with my line manager in my end
of internship review meeting later that
week then I filled out the feedback form
for the HR department who were keen to
get our thoughts on the internship by
around twenty past five I was finished
for the day I collected my papers
together shut down my laptop and said a
quick goodbye to my colleagues before
being on my way I was actually quite sad
because this was one of my last days
working in the Riga office I have
genuinely had a great time on this
internship I'd like to thank everyone at
Willis Towers Watson for welcoming me
into the team over the eight weeks and
also shout out to the other insurance
consulting interns
it was great to share this experience
with you and I wish you all luck in your
future studies and careers then it was
time to drive home for some reason this
whole driving to and from work thing
makes me feel like a proper adult
[Music]
when working in Reigate I arrived home
by six o'clock most nights the commute
to the London office takes a lot longer
so this was not a bad deal I'm usually
quite tired by the end of the day I've
concluded that working a full-time job
is rather exhausting but the day's also
go quite quickly I dumped my bags in my
room and headed straight to the sofa
please give this video a like if you
enjoyed it whilst I watched on
television subscribe if you haven't
already and I'll see you soon with
another video
[Music]